An in-progress English translation of ゆっくり八景 (Yukkuri Hakkei), 
also known as Eight Views of Yukkuri.

The game developer's site: http://ennjiiro.seesaa.net/
Buy the full game here: https://enjiiro.booth.pm/items/1727554
Unofficial wiki for the game: https://wikiwiki.jp/yukkuri8kei/

The 'translated' folders contain a set of directories containing the
translations of their respective versions.  To update the in-game files,
copy those directories inside the game's folder.  After that,
run the executable that is not the game (should be called
'セリフ再読込用.exe'.  If you don't have a program with that name,
just pick the executable that is not the actual game). You will see
a window that's mostly white, with either Japanese text, or
some characters (as in 2, @, P; not as in "Hakurei Reimu" or "Superman") 
in the top left hand corner. Wait for a small popup in the center of your
screen. If the popup doesn't have the word "Error" in it, the translation
succeeded. Don't worry if all you see are squares. If the translation 
doesn't succeed, "Error" will still come out in English so you will know
if something went wrong. If you just see squares, it succeeded.
After that step, the translations will be applied to the game.

The 'original' folder was used to track changes between different
versions.  When a new version was out, one was to drop the content 
of the 'text' folder inside 'original' and let Git do its magic 
('git add' the files, then use 'git diff' to check what was changed). 
However, the latest version as of now, 1.11, is also the paid version.
Those who only have the demo version should still be able to play in
a language they understand, so there are now two sets of folders: one
for the latest version of the game and one for the demo version.

The add.txt file left outside of any of the translated copies can be found 
in (game directory)/pict/add1/add.txt. Since add.txt is not anywhere in
(game directory)/text, it is not in the 'translated' folders either
since their contents are meant to be copy/pasted into the game directory/text
folder. However, the add.txt file may be useful to modders, so it is still
included in the git.

The original Japanese dialogue files for version 1.11 are identical to those
for version 1.12, which is why one set of files can be for both 1.11 and 1.12:
the changes made between versions did not include changes to the text files.

Finally, the manual.txt file was not in the original game. It is a temporary
manual in English meant to substitute for the manual given in .html files until
I get around to translating the contents of the .html files.
